welcome to the best western vernon lodge
and conference center the north okanagan
smokes complete convention facilities
and full service property surrounded by
three stunning clear water lakes hiking
trails world-renowned championship golf
courses 50 miles of manicured Nordic
trails and Silver Star mountain ski
resort the best western vernon lodge and
conference center is a very special and
unique property featuring an indoor
three-story organic atrium with a
natural creek running through it our
poolside guest room offers two deluxe
queen-size beds complimentary coffee
wireless high-speed internet access iPod
docking clock radio and walkout access
to the atrium pool and hottub this
business class room features a large
balcony with table and chairs to enjoy
the view of the atrium and natural Creek
inside there's a spacious working desk
wireless high-speed Internet access
complimentary eurostile Brewer iPod
docking clock radio and a large bathroom
our signature jacuzzi suite is
beautifully appointed with a large
living room wet bar with granite top and
flat-screen TV indulge in an exquisite
king bed spacious bathroom in a
two-person bubble jet tub perfect for a
special night away to celebrate we even
have rooms designed specifically for
your pets including complimentary treats
doggie blankets and maps to pet friendly
parks so that every member of your
family you'll feel comfortable and
pampered branches cafe is an excellent
way to start your day healthy options
like the egg white scramble or yogurt
and fresh fruit will help fuel you for
your busy
or sit back and enjoy the view and treat
yourself with our decadent signature
eggs benedict the bx creek bar & grill
is named after the natural creek that
runs directly through it we serve superb
we made meals paired with wine from our
extensive Okanagan Valley wine
collection or a frosty pint from the
local brewery relax in the lounge
overlooking the creek and enjoy a
cocktail surrounded by exotic plants and
trees illuminated by hundreds of twinkle
lights checkers bar and grill is our
sports bar where you will get great food
cold beer and plenty of entertainment
with two giant big screens and 15 TVs
you won't miss any of the action
our cold beer wine and liquor store
stocks a wide variety of chilled
beverages wine and spirits we also have
an assortment of snacks novelty items
and confection available our catering
and banquet team are experts at hosting
conventions meetings and special events
we are the largest and most complete
facility in the North Okanagan that can
host groups up to 700 our grand
ballrooms feature 14-foot ceilings with
a viewing mezzanine high-speed wireless
internet access and audio and visual
equipment
our experienced catering team can
customize our menus to fit your every
need and desire let our team assist you
in making your event a huge success
we look forward to welcoming you to the
best western vernon lodge and conference
center a resort for all seasons come
relax and let us pamper you
you